{
\rtf1
\ansi
\deff0
{
\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}
}


{\colortbl
;
\red0\blue255\green0;
\red0\blue0\green128;
}


\viewkind4
\uc1
\pard
\lang1033
\f0
\fs24 

#{\footnote landscape}
${\footnote Landscape Options}
K{\footnote loading;terrain;bitmap;landscape} 
\cf1\b\fs36
Landscape Options\line
\plain
\par

\line
\li1440
\cf2\i\b Load Terrain BMP\plain -

This trainer offers a feature to load a terrain into the game
 from a Windows bitmap, representing height levels through
 the color levels (or indexes).  This is a fairly "risky" 
 function so, like swimming without a lifeguard 
 you should use caution and proceed at your own risk 
 and know what you are doing (also 
 save whatever you have done since there's no reversing this).
\line
	For this function to work you need
 a 256-color (grayscaled preffered) squared (width=height), 
 uncompressed Windows bitmap (BMP extension) that has 
 the same dimensions as the current game 
 map size.  If it is not all of the 
 above it will not load.  Also, it is recommended that the 
 current game mode be the Scenario Editor with no scenery or
 park entries on the map (just keep the default map).  It
\i can \plain
	 work in the regular game but all that is altered is the
 surface data, so that the buildings and other objects may be either
 buried or elevated from the land.
\line
 	To load into the Scenario Editor, set the map size to the 
 dimensions of the bitmap image you are going to load.  Next,
 switch to the trainer window (alt+tab or alt+esc) and select 
 "Landscape"->"Load Terrain BMP" and a file menu should show up.
 Select the desired bitmap file and press OK.  Wait until 
 the hourglass mouse cursor has changed back to the arrow and
 check back in RCT2.  The terrain should be loaded.  There is 
 a sample 128x128 bitmap of a Six Flags Magic Mountain terrain 
 I derived out of a USGS terrain file.  It demonstrates what 
 can be done with this function.
\line
 	This is still a shaky beta-level function and I haven't tested it 
 thoroughly so use caution!  I'm still determining the details of the 
 map data and trying to see if I can improve the slope generation 
 algorithm I used.  I haven't as yet experienced any crashes using 
 this function but I can't guarantee it will not ever happen.
\line
\b
Color Levels (Indexes) to RCT Height Units 
\plain
\line
	 In RCT2, 2 color levels is equal to 1 height unit 
 (14 color level being 0 in RCT2 height units).
\par
\pard

\page


#{\footnote weather}
${\footnote Weather Options}
K{\footnote weather} 

\b\cf1\fs36 Weather Options \plain\par\line

\li1440
\i\b\cf2 Make Sunny\plain -
 Choosing this option will
 set the temperature to 71F and clear the skies.
\par

\page

#{\footnote park}
${\footnote Park Options}
K{\footnote Open;Close;Park} 

\b\cf1\fs36 Park Options \plain\par\line

\li1440
\i\cf2\b Open Park\plain - will open the park 
(even if it is disabled in the game).
\line
\i\cf2\b Close Park\plain - will close the park 
(even if it is disabled in the game).
\par

\li1440
\i\cf2\b Invert Land Ownership\plain - Changes unowned/rights/for sale to
owned and owned to unowned.
\line
\i\cf2\b Set Unowned to Rights\plain - Sets all unowned land
to construction rights
\par\pard

\page

#{\footnote money}
${\footnote Money Options}
K{\footnote Money;Cash;Use Money;Don't use money} 

\b\cf1\fs36 Money Options \plain\par\line

\li1440
\i\cf2\b Use Money \plain -
 Choosing this option will set the park to 
 use currency. 
 \line
\i\cf2\b Don't Use Money \plain -
 Does the opposite of Use Money--a free mode 
 with no cash usage.
\par

\page


\par

\page

}


